Eugenie kitchen hi we are making
homemade pumpkin spice latte in a mini
saucepan add in 1/2 cup of whole milk 1
tablespoon of sweetened condensed milk
or eighth teaspoon of pumpkin spice 1
tablespoon of pumpkin puree and 1
teaspoon of pure vanilla extract over
medium heat heat the milk stirring a
little just before it starts to boil out
of heat pour in 1/2 cup of strongly
brewed hot coffee
now you can taste and add more sweetened
condensed milk or brown sugar for your
liking pumpkin spice latte is even
better with whipped cream and ground
nutmeg or cinnamon on top Bon Appetit
wake me up any time with a cup of hearty
pumpkin spice latte in full thank you
for watching bye for now
you